Documentation: Update documentation about android and tizen web application (#362)
nnstreamer/nnstreamer-example: android/kotlin_app/README.md

# Android Application Examples using MLOps Solution

## Prerequisite

We assume that you already have experienced Android application developments with Android Studio.

 * Host PC:
   * OS: Ubuntu 20.04 / 22.04 x86_64 LTS
   * Android Studio: Ubuntu version
 * Target Device:
   * CPU Architecture: ARM 64bit (aarch64)
   * Android SDK: Min version 34

>    * [nnstreamer-android application](https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-android/blob/main/documentation/getting_started.md#building-the-android-app-with-llama2) is installed.

Author: https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-android/pull/117
is revewing.

## Build example

> We provide Kotlin example which runs an LLM task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a Kotlin example that runs an LLM task.
```

#### Cloning the GitHub Repository

> To build example application, you need to clone the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the example application, you need to clone the repository.
```
